NEULSAEM GENERAL HOSPITAL
Syria?
EPISODE 7
Apparently,
Han Seol-ah was the first to call it in.
She even gave a witness statement.
I'll call you back.
So you just happened to be there
when the accident occurred?
Is this a coincidence too?
This is the footage from my dashcam.
I see you've got an alibi this time too.
Just to be clear,
I'm giving you this
in case it helps with the investigation.
Got nothing to hide, huh?
We'll see what forensics says.
MISSED CALL
SEOL-AH
Captain, look at this.
APPROVED TRANSACTIONS
DOMESTIC & INTERNATIONAL
Do Eun-hye submitted this.
They were together
at the time of the yacht accident.
His family home and private studio
are in Cheongun,
so he goes there every weekend.
LIST OF EVIDENCE: RECEIPT
DAEYONGRU CHEONGUN BRANCH: AUGUST 17, 2025
And he was here with us
when Woo-seok's accident occurred.
What if we're on the wrong track?
What if there's another accomplice?
What about Do Eun-hyuk?
Han Seol-ah could've brought him
to every crime scene to create an alibi.
Are you saying
someone else is behind all this?
Are you a moron?
Why would you repair someone else's yacht?
Do you just follow her orders?
What would you have done
if it weren't for me?
Seriously?
Hey!
Jun-beom started volunteering
for OnWorld in college.
Even though he came
from a well-off family,
he really cared about the underprivileged.
Did he also volunteer overseas?
If it hadn't been
for that incident in Syria…
Syria?
That could've been you.
I'm saying
you could've died.
Yet you still believe Han Seol-ah?
INTENSIVE CARE UNIT
Do you think she saved you or something?
It's the same as the Kim Yun-ji case.
Han Seol-ah is always at the crime scene
but has a solid alibi every time.
So?
You think it's a coincidence?
Isn't it more likely
she has an accomplice?
We've ruled out Do Eun-hyuk.
He was at the station
at the time of the accident.
I suppose…
she seems capable of manipulating
anyone she wants.
And it's possible
she may have two or more helpers.
But what would she get out of killing me
or Lee Kwang-jin?
Tell me.
Maybe it's your fixation on her
that's keeping you
from seeing other possibilities.
What if the real culprit is someone else?
Are you saying someone is out to kill
only Han Seol-ah's associates?
There's more than just the burner phone,
isn't there?
This accident happened
while I was tracking down a suspect.
Who?
Paek Jun-beom.
Why do you suspect him?
He had wine sold exclusively
at Yoon Seung-jae's restaurant,
and he was at the scene
the night Kim Yun-ji died.
And that's not all.
He was in Syria.
Syria?
Lee Su-ho died there.
Are you saying they're connected somehow?
Lee Su-ho was an OnWorld employee,
and Paek Jun-beom
did volunteer work for them.
The one person tied to all the deaths
around Han Seol-ah…
is Paek Jun-beom.
PAEK JUN-BEOM (35 YEARS OLD)
CEO OF YOUR HOME
Someone with money, time, and the means.
Someone confirmed to have had contact
with Kim Yun-ji that day.
HWANG SUK-JI (37 YEARS OLD)
CAFE THIRD NIGHT, HAN SEOL-AH'S FRIEND
An uninvited guest
who slipped into Royal Auction
despite not being a VIP.
Whose movements should we check first?
You shouldn't be moving around.
I'm okay.
I'm more worried about Mr. Lee Kwang-jin.
What brought you
to the scene of the accident?
Do you remember anything at all?
I got a hint from the painting.
Syria…
I gave Mr. Lee your message,
but don't wait for a response.
He said he has nothing to say to you.
I'm sorry.
When does he return from Laos?
Actually,
he's flying back tonight.
I was on my way to the airport
to see Mr. Lee Kwang-jin
when I saw your car.
Then I saw the black car
that had been following us
right on your tail.
I had a bad feeling,
so I turned my car around.
Woo-seok!
So you saved me.
Anyone would've done the same.
But…
what was the culprit after?
He was trying to silence Mr. Lee.
Paek Jun-beom
volunteered for OnWorld
since he was in college.
And I think
he was also with Lee Su-ho in Syria.
An Orphan from Syria.
He deliberately sent that painting.
Probably.
But why?
If he and Su-ho were just colleagues,
he wouldn't have taken it this far.
Mr. Lee Kwang-jin is the only one
who could tell us why
Paek Jun-beom might've approached you.
If he doesn't regain consciousness,
then only Paek Jun-beom will know.
NEULSAEM GENERAL HOSPITAL
Stake out at the hospital
until Mr. Lee wakes up.
Keep it discreet.
My first official SIU mission.
NONGHYUP LIFE INSURANCE
SIU ASSISTANT MANAGER AHN YOUNG-SOO
I'll make sure to see it through.
VIOLENT CRIMES UNIT 1
The dashcam analysis results are in.
Look at this.
This car caused the accident.
Identifying the license plate
might take some time,
but we've confirmed the model.
Was the accident caught on camera?
Here.
She went to save him.
It seems she really was a witness.
PORTRAITS OF A WOMAN: SPECIAL EXHIBITION
This time, we're opening the auction
with the emerging artists
whose paintings drew intense bidding.
The Stiller is scheduled as the 30th lot--
Things will heat up immediately
if we go in this order.
You really want to set the record
for the highest bid, don't you?
Excuse me.
Sir?
Can I help you?
Do you speak Spanish?
Yes, just a little.
Thank goodness.
I like this painting.
Is it possible to negotiate the price?
You're a valued guest
who has traveled a long way,
so of course, we can do that for you.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
He's going to purchase it,
so get it ready for him.
Yes, ma'am.
-Thank you.
Did you study art in Spain?
When the company fired me
for selling a forgery,
no one reached out to help me.
So I packed my bags and got on a plane.
I mopped the floors in the afternoon,
and worked at a wine bar at night.
The first thing I had to do to survive
was to learn the language.
I'd listen closely,
then repeat it out loud.
Learning the language helped me acquire
a few pieces of artwork,
and that gave me the leverage I needed
to return to Royal Auction.
That's how I survived.
You're amazing, Chair Kim.
To work your way back up
after losing everything…
Most people who lose everything
tend to give up.
If you've lost everything,
you've got nothing left to lose
and nothing to fear.
TAEMYUNG GROUP
FIRE BREAKS OUT ON A TRUCK TRANSPORTING
TAEMYUNG CULTURAL FOUNDATION ART
DAMAGE WORTH TENS OF BILLIONS OF WON,
NO CASUALTIES REPORTED
Anyone at 1.5 billion?
Vanished Sensation by Fabien Leclerc
has been sold to Chairman Park Min-cheol
of Taemyung Group.
Please give that to Chair Kim.
This exhibition was only possible
thanks to her.
He said the five lots he secured
during the special auction
will be exhibited
at the Taemyung Art Center in Busan.
Busan?
PLEASE ENTER YOUR PASSWORD
TO UNLOCK THIS DRIVE
TAEMYUNG GROUP AUCTION ARTWORK LIST
VANISHED SENSATION,
THE REMAINS OF ECSTASY,
THE ABYSS, ECHO, TURBULENCE
GANGHA POLICE STATION
According to the forensic results,
the suspect's vehicle is a black sedan,
license plate ending in 4549.
It's a ghost car with invalid plates.
It crossed Yeongjong Bridge
and went toward Gangseo-gu.
4549 MOVEMENT ROUTE
When was it last caught on camera?
Right here.
I've seen him before.
Flower delivery for Ms. Han Seol-ah.
She's in there.
Thank you.
Flower delivery, ma'am.
Who are they from?
Just a moment.
They were sent anonymously.
Have a nice day.
Happy birthday.
My goodness.
Mr. Cha isn't just good-looking.
He's romantic as well.
Ms. Han is so lucky
to have gotten a love confession.
Love confession?
Didn't you know?
Lisianthus symbolizes eternal love.
So, do you like flowers too?
What woman doesn't like flowers?
Seol-ah.
You'd be happy…
if I disappeared, right?
That's…
what you want, isn't it?
I have no reason to live now.
If dying is the only way
I can stay with you…
I'll do it.
I know I'm crazy.
But…
if it means you'll remember me forever…
then I'll be the bad guy.
You and I…
have different goals.
I barely got the internship
at Royal Auction.
This opportunity is everything to me.
So are you saying
I'm not worth a place in your life?
Su-ho.
Why won't you pick up? Who are you with?
Why won't you answer my calls?!
I'm working.
You're…
You're with that damn photographer,
aren't you?
Stop already.
So it's over
just because you want to break up?
You're basically telling me to die.
Yeah.
Just die and stop bothering me!
Is that what you really want?
Do you even know what it means to die?
Don't forget…
that you're the one…
who killed me.
THE LATE LEE SU-HO
MAY 7, 1991 - JUNE 14, 2018
FAITHFUL TO DUTY, FAITHFUL TO THE PEOPLE
Captain thinks Paek Jun-beom
and Han Seol-ah conspired together.
And I still suspect that Han Seol-ah
was involved
in Kim Yun-ji's accident and yours.
If we catch 4549,
we'll find out who's behind it.
Fine, let's find the ghost car first
and argue again later.
How about we team up like old times?
You cover the west side of Sanjun-dong,
and I'll cover the east side.
All right.
SANJUN JUNKYARD
JUNKYARD
Jeez, he's fast.
I think it's that one over there.
Hey.
I only see trash.
"Alpha Tower"?
I think I know where he is.
Call KCSI to collect the fingerprints.
I'll try provoking Paek Jun-beom
a bit more.
You're approaching your destination.
Ending navigation.
ALPHA TOWER
He's good-looking, tall, well-educated,
and filthy rich from making an app.
What brought you here
at this particular time?
YOUR HOME
CEO PAEK JUN-BEOM
I'm Paek Jun-beom.
Nice to meet you. I'm Paek Jun-beom.
I see you're left-handed.
Oh, I use it out of habit.
Is this good enough?
I've never really done this sort of thing.
What's this?
Well, I thought our plan was still on.
Oh.
You're right.
In that case, I should react like this.
Anyway,
here you go.
It's your birthday, after all.
Thank you.
Come on in.
They were sent anonymously.
They're the same flowers
Su-ho used to give me.
How would he even know such a thing?
I'm not sure how he knows…
or what he wants from me.
Was there any other message?
It was written by a left-handed person.
Mr. Paek is also left-handed.
She always spends her birthday with us.
Isn't this the first time she's done this?
I'm a bit disappointed.
Did you go all the way to Daejeon again
to get this?
You go above and beyond, don't you?
I'm a picky eater, but I'll never say no
to a strawberry tart.
Yet you never get me one for my birthday.
You can have it all.
Really?
Just look at the color.
-Is it good?
-It's delicious.
Cheers.
We found it
thanks to your dashcam footage.
It was a ghost car,
and we tracked it entering and leaving
Your Home's office building.
So Mr. Paek
definitely sent me the flowers.
We have to do something.
INSURANCE POLICY
POLICYHOLDER: CHA WOO-SEOK
BENEFICIARY: HAN SEOL-AH
If we set a trap,
he'll walk right into it.
MAIN COVERAGE:
NATURAL DEATH, GENERAL INJURY
Do I look like a joke?
Why does everyone treat me as they wish?
Seol-ah.
You need to think about this rationally.
The real culprit will show up
if we do this.
Do you have any idea
how cruel this is to me?
Seol-ah.
What if I just use you and walk away?
What if you really die?
It doesn't matter.
I don't care.
Go ahead and use me.
Have you ever lived with the guilt
of someone dying
because of you?
Do you know how painful that is?
I do.
I lost the only family I had.
After our parents divorced…
our grandmother raised us.
After our grandmother passed away,
it was just the two of us.
The first thing I did when you told me
you were going to be a cop
was to get a first aid kit.
Please don't get hurt.
I was supposed to be
Woo-hee's mom, dad, and older brother,
but she took care of me instead.
She was always strong.
Even more so than me.
After I became a cop,
I spent day and night chasing criminals.
But I couldn't protect my own family.
If only I had just checked on her again,
I wouldn't have lost her that way.
After I lost her, I threw myself
into solving cases like a madman.
I thought working myself to death
and catching criminals
would make me feel better.
But it didn't.
I realized…
that no matter who I saved,
this guilt wouldn't go away.
It wasn't your fault.
No.
It was my fault.
I couldn't protect my sister.
We're trapped in the same prison,
living each day…
with the people we couldn't protect.
NEULSAEM GENERAL HOSPITAL
You got me.
I thought I was hiding it well.
You need a good eye to be an auctioneer.
Did you get hurt in the accident?
Yes.
From now on…
please don't get hurt.
AHN YOUNG-SOO
I need to take this.
-Hello?
-Mr. Cha.
Mr. Lee Kwang-jin woke up.
They're moving him to a regular ward.
Where are you right now?
I'm in front of the ICU.
Listen to me carefully.
Mr. Lee regained consciousness.
No, you stay here.
It's better if we don't go together.
We don't know what might happen.
The police are suspicious of you,
and I don't want you to get in trouble.
Okay, call me.
LEE *****-JIN
Are you sleeping?
You should've followed him!
Do you know how scary this was?
Did you do as I said?
Yes.
Jeez, you scared me.
What the…
That little…
This bastard is 4549.
I knew I could do it!
But he wasn't wearing a doctor's coat.
No way.
"Succinylcholine."
What is that?
An anesthetic used to put animals down.
What?
If it weren't for your foresight,
Mr. Lee Kwang-jin
would've been in real danger.
Where is he right now?
Up there.
Way up high.
AHN *****-SOO
Do you recognize him?
Yes, that's Jun-beom.
Were these taken in Syria?
They were like brothers…
before that accident.
The whole refugee camp
was completely destroyed
in the air strike that day.
Su-ho died on the spot,
and Jun-beom barely survived.
After being brought to Korea for surgery,
he vanished.
What's Paek Jun-beom trying to hide?
Are you sure he was behind this?
Why would he?
You know something important, don't you?
Su-ho kept saying he wanted to die
after his girlfriend broke up with him,
and he even ignored the air raid warning.
The way I see it,
he basically committed suicide.
And Jun-beom got injured
trying to save Su-ho.
YOUR HOME
CEO PAEK JUN-BEOM
I found out where Lee Su-ho
was laid to rest.
If it's too much for you to handle,
I'll come with you.
THE LATE LEE SU-HO
MAY 7, 1991 - JUNE 14, 2018
He was an orphan with no family,
so I placed his ashes in a columbarium.
I think
Mr. Paek wanted me to come here.
To be honest,
I knew that Su-ho
chose to end his life.
Don't forget…
that you're the one…
who killed me.
I couldn't bring myself to tell you
because I was afraid you'd say
I manipulated Su-ho into killing himself.
What do you mean?
I overheard what you said
to Detective Gong.
She seems capable of manipulating
anyone she wants,
and it's possible
she may have two or more helpers.
You missed the rest of what I said.
I only meant that's how detectives
might view things.
You got it all wrong.
I don't suspect you anymore.
I believe you.
That's why I'm telling you everything.
He kept saying he was going to die,
so I just told him to die…
and to stop bothering me.
If only I hadn't said that
on our last call…
Don't blame yourself.
It wasn't your fault.
I think I know why he sent this.
Mr. Paek is seeking revenge
on Su-ho's behalf.
He's using every means possible
to make me miserable.
Since he gave you a gift,
we should give him one in return.
DNA MATCH
VEHICLE 4549, EVIDENCE IN ATTEMPTED MURDER
The same DNA was collected
from vehicle 4549 and the doctor's coat,
and it matched with Kim Sung-hae,
a 34-year-old man who had served time
for assault resulting in death.
He's a former special forces NCO
with service experience in Syria.
He was in Syria with Paek Jun-beom, huh?
That means Paek Jun-beom calls the shots,
and Kim Sung-hae just follows.
But as of right now,
his trips to the office building
aren't enough to tie him to the case
unless a search and seizure is conducted.
Let's catch them.
Start with Kim Sung-hae.
Put out an APB for attempted murder.
Yes, sir.
Hello, Ms. Han.
Allow me to escort you
to the CEO's office.
Mr. Paek will be here soon.
Please have a seat and wait for a moment.
Sure thing.
YOUR HOME
CEO PAEK JUN-BEOM
DELETING…
SELECTED FILES: 30
YOUR HOME INTEGRATED CONTROL CENTER
CCTV SYSTEM
As instructed,
we're deleting all the footage
tracking your movements, sir.
Delete the recent footage
of the parking lot entrance too.
All of it, sir?
Understood.
DELETING…
SELECTED FILES: 382
The barrier gate camera
would've caught 4549
as it entered and left
the office building.
THANK YOU
GOODBYE
Take a look at this, sir.
This system automatically records
and recognizes license plates,
but it also records who's inside the car.
But the thing is,
nobody thinks this is important,
so the security is pathetic.
They might as well roll out a welcome mat.
See? I'm in already.
Grab all the files, then.
Yes, sir.
Right on it.
THIS FILE HAS BEEN DELETED
Hold on.
These bastards are deleting
all the files in real time.
They must've caught on
that we know about the ghost car.
Paek Jun-beom isn't showing up
because he's busy deleting these files.
HAN SEOL-AH
I'm sorry. Something came up.
Have you been waiting long?
No, I just got here.
Please sit.
Here.
YOU ARE CORDIALLY INVITED TO ROYAL AUCTION
KOREA'S PREMIER FINE ART AUCTION HOUSE
An invitation?
It's for a preview event
for our VVIP clients,
and it'll also be the first public showing
of the Stiller.
Then I should attend.
That piece meant a great deal to me.
Everyone has been wondering
who owned the Stiller.
Are you okay with your identity
being revealed?
I liked having an air of mystery,
but I guess that's over now,
thanks to you.
By the way,
about An Orphan from Syria…
That piece clearly means a lot to you.
May I ask why you consigned it to me?
I wanted to show more of myself.
The piece feels like the real me
without a mask.
You see, I grew up with nothing,
like an orphaned child in wartime.
To be honest,
it still feels strange
to be where I am right now.
You need a thick mask
to pretend like nothing's wrong.
THIS FILE HAS BEEN DELETED
Found it.
Man, I found it by the skin of my teeth.
Another few seconds,
and this file would've been gone.
It's Paek Jun-beom.
So this is why he deleted everything.
This bastard is so calculating.
He's one scary man.
What a bastard.
Why don't you…
take off that mask now?
Who exactly are you?
Why did you approach me
when you knew Su-ho?
Do you think I blame you…
for Su-ho's death?
Or do you think…
I'm getting revenge for him?
-She's in danger.
-What?
Sir!
SPECIAL THANKS TO KIM DONGJUN
FOR HIS APPEARANCE
It doesn't make sense.
Even if this is a revenge
on Su-ho's behalf,
it's way too extreme.
It's similar to my sister's accident.
Criminals rely on familiar tactics
and tend to repeat what's worked before.
I'm also chasing the person
who ruined my life.
Let's uncover
the hidden truth together.
Isn't there something
you really want to say to me?
Now we can finally find out
what Paek Jun-beom was trying to hide.
Let go of me!
It's finally come to this.
Subtitle: Jenny Kim